<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-GB">
	<head>
		<title>III</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
		<section id="chapter-3" epub:type="chapter">
			<h3 class="xhtml_h3_align" style="text-align: center;">CHAPTER III</h3>
			<p>It was the forty-fathom slumber that clears the soul and eye and heart, and sends you to breakfast ravening. They emptied a big tin dish of juicy fragments of fish√¢¬Ä¬îthe blood-ends the cook had collected overnight. They cleaned up the plates and pans of the elder mess, who were out fishing, sliced pork for the midday meal, swabbed down the foc‚Äôsle, filled the lamps, drew coal and water for the cook, and investigated the fore-hold, where the boat‚Äôs stores were stacked. It was another perfect day√¢¬Ä¬îsoft, mild, and clear; and Harvey breathed to the very bottom of his lungs.</p>
			<p>More schooners had crept up in the night, and the long blue seas were full of sails and dories. Far away on the horizon, the smoke of some liner, her hull invisible, smudged the blue, and to eastward a big ship‚Äôs top-gallant sails, just lifting, made a square nick in it. Disko Troop was smoking by the roof of the cabin√¢¬Ä¬îone eye on the craft around, and the other on the little fly at the main-mast-head.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWhen Dad kerflummoxes that way,‚Äù said Dan in a whisper, ‚Äúhe‚Äôs doin‚Äô some high-line thinkin‚Äô fer all hands. I‚Äôll lay my wage an‚Äô share we‚Äôll make berth soon. Dad he knows the cod, an‚Äô the Fleet they know Dad knows. ‚ÄòSee ‚Äôem comm‚Äô up one by one, lookin‚Äô fer nothin‚Äô in particular, o‚Äô course, but scrowgin‚Äô on us all the time? There‚Äôs the <i>Prince Leboo</i>; she‚Äôs a Chat-ham boat. She‚Äôs crep‚Äô up sence last night. An‚Äô see that big one with a patch in her foresail an‚Äô a new jib? She‚Äôs the <i>Carrie Pitman</i> from West Chat-ham. She won‚Äôt keep her canvas long onless her luck‚Äôs changed since last season. She don‚Äôt do much ‚Äòcep‚Äô drift. There ain‚Äôt an anchor made ‚Äòll hold her.‚ÅÝ‚Ää‚ÅÝ‚Ä¶ When the smoke puffs up in little rings like that, Dad‚Äôs studyin‚Äô the fish. Ef we speak to him now, he‚Äôll git mad. Las‚Äô time I did, he jest took an‚Äô hove a boot at me.‚Äù</p>
			<p>Disko Troop stared forward, the pipe between his teeth, with eyes that saw nothing. As his son said, he was studying the fish√¢¬Ä¬îpitting his knowledge and experience on the Banks against the roving cod in his own sea. He accepted the presence of the inquisitive schooners on the horizon as a compliment to his powers. But now that it was paid, he wished to draw away and make his berth alone, till it was time to go up to the Virgin and fish in the streets of that roaring town upon the waters. So Disko Troop thought of recent weather, and gales, currents, food-supplies, and other domestic arrangements, from the point of view of a twenty-pound cod; was, in fact, for an hour a cod himself, and looked remarkably like one. Then he removed the pipe from his teeth.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúDad,‚Äù said Dan, ‚Äúwe‚Äôve done our chores. Can‚Äôt we go overside a piece? It‚Äôs good catchin‚Äô weather.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúNot in that cherry-coloured rig ner them ha‚Äôaf baked brown shoes. Give him suthin‚Äô fit to wear.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúDad‚Äôs pleased√¢¬Ä¬îthat settles it,‚Äù said Dan, delightedly, dragging Harvey into the cabin, while Troop pitched a key down the steps. ‚ÄúDad keeps my spare rig where he kin overhaul it, ‚Äòcause Ma sez I‚Äôm keerless.‚Äù He rummaged through a locker, and in less than three minutes Harvey was adorned with fisherman‚Äôs rubber boots that came half up his thigh, a heavy blue jersey well darned at the elbows, a pair of nippers, and a sou‚Äôwester.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúNaow ye look somethin‚Äô like,‚Äù said Dan. ‚ÄúHurry!‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúKeep nigh an‚Äô handy,‚Äù said Troop ‚Äúan‚Äô don‚Äôt go visitin‚Äô raound the Fleet. If any one asks you what I‚Äôm cal‚Äôlatin‚Äô to do, speak the truth√¢¬Ä¬îfer ye don‚Äôt know.‚Äù</p>
			<p>A little red dory, labelled Hattie S., lay astern of the schooner. Dan hauled in the painter, and dropped lightly on to the bottom boards, while Harvey tumbled clumsily after.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúThat‚Äôs no way o‚Äô gettin‚Äô into a boat,‚Äù said Dan. ‚ÄúEf there was any sea you‚Äôd go to the bottom, sure. You got to learn to meet her.‚Äù</p>
			<p>Dan fitted the thole-pins, took the forward thwart and watched Harvey‚Äôs work. The boy had rowed, in a lady-like fashion, on the Adirondack ponds; but there is a difference between squeaking pins and well-balanced ruflocks√¢¬Ä¬îlight sculls and stubby, eight-foot sea-oars. They stuck in the gentle swell, and Harvey grunted.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúShort! Row short!‚Äù said Dan. ‚ÄúEf you cramp your oar in any kind o‚Äô sea you‚Äôre liable to turn her over. Ain‚Äôt she a daisy? Mine, too.‚Äù</p>
			<p>The little dory was specklessly clean. In her bows lay a tiny anchor, two jugs of water, and some seventy fathoms of thin, brown dory-roding. A tin dinner-horn rested in cleats just under Harvey‚Äôs right hand, beside an ugly-looking maul, a short gaff, and a shorter wooden stick. A couple of lines, with very heavy leads and double cod-hooks, all neatly coiled on square reels, were stuck in their place by the gunwale.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWhere‚Äôs the sail and mast?‚Äù said Harvey, for his hands were beginning to blister.</p>
			<p>Dan chuckled. ‚ÄúYe don‚Äôt sail fishin‚Äô-dories much. Ye pull; but ye needn‚Äôt pull so hard. Don‚Äôt you wish you owned her?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWell, I guess my father might give me one or two if I asked ‚Äôem,‚Äù Harvey replied. He had been too busy to think much of his family till then.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúThat‚Äôs so. I forgot your dad‚Äôs a millionaire. You don‚Äôt act millionary any, naow. But a dory an‚Äô craft an‚Äô gear‚Äù√¢¬Ä¬îDan spoke as though she were a whaleboat√¢¬Ä¬î‚Äùcosts a heap. Think your dad ‚Äòu‚Äôd give you one fer√¢¬Ä¬îfer a pet like?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúShouldn‚Äôt wonder. It would be ‚Äòmost the only thing I haven‚Äôt stuck him for yet.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúMust be an expensive kinder kid to home. Don‚Äôt slitheroo thet way, Harve. Short‚Äôs the trick, because no sea‚Äôs ever dead still, an‚Äô the swells ‚Äòll√¢¬Ä¬î‚Äù</p>
			<p>Crack! The loom of the oar kicked Harvey under the chin and knocked him backwards.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúThat was what I was goin‚Äô to say. I hed to learn too, but I wasn‚Äôt more than eight years old when I got my schoolin‚Äô.‚Äù</p>
			<p>Harvey regained his seat with aching jaws and a frown.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúNo good gettin‚Äô mad at things, Dad says. It‚Äôs our own fault ef we can‚Äôt handle ‚Äôem, he says. Le‚Äôs try here. Manuel ‚Äòll give us the water.‚Äù</p>
			<p>The ‚ÄúPortugee‚Äù was rocking fully a mile away, but when Dan up-ended an oar he waved his left arm three times.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúThirty fathom,‚Äù said Dan, stringing a salt clam on to the hook. ‚ÄúOver with the doughboys. Bait same‚Äôs I do, Harvey, an‚Äô don‚Äôt snarl your reel.‚Äù</p>
			<p>Dan‚Äôs line was out long before Harvey had mastered the mystery of baiting and heaving out the leads. The dory drifted along easily. It was not worth while to anchor till they were sure of good ground.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúHere we come!‚Äù Dan shouted, and a shower of spray rattled on Harvey‚Äôs shoulders as a big cod flapped and kicked alongside. ‚ÄúMuckle, Harvey, muckle! Under your hand! Quick!‚Äù</p>
			<p>Evidently ‚Äúmuckle‚Äù could not be the dinner-horn, so Harvey passed over the maul, and Dan scientifically stunned the fish before he pulled it inboard, and wrenched out the hook with the short wooden stick he called a ‚Äúgob-stick.‚Äù Then Harvey felt a tug, and pulled up zealously.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWhy, these are strawberries!‚Äù he shouted. ‚ÄúLook!‚Äù</p>
			<p>The hook had fouled among a bunch of strawberries, red on one side and white on the other√¢¬Ä¬îperfect reproductions of the land fruit, except that there were no leaves, and the stem was all pipy and slimy.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúDon‚Äôt tech ‚Äôem. Slat ‚Äôem off. Don‚Äôt√¢¬Ä¬î‚Äù</p>
			<p>The warning came too late. Harvey had picked them from the hook, and was admiring them.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúOuch!‚Äù he cried, for his fingers throbbed as though he had grasped many nettles.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúNow ye know what strawberry-bottom means. Nothin‚Äô ‚Äòcep‚Äô fish should be teched with the naked fingers, Dad says. Slat ‚Äôem off agin the gunnel, an‚Äô bait up, Harve. Lookin‚Äô won‚Äôt help any. It‚Äôs all in the wages.‚Äù</p>
			<p>Harvey smiled at the thought of his ten and a half dollars a month, and wondered what his mother would say if she could see him hanging over the edge of a fishing-dory in mid-ocean. She suffered agonies whenever he went out on Saranac Lake; and, by the way, Harvey remembered distinctly that he used to laugh at her anxieties. Suddenly the line flashed through his hand, stinging even through the ‚Äúnippers,‚Äù the woolen circlets supposed to protect it.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúHe‚Äôs a logy. Give him room accordin‚Äô to his strength,‚Äù cried Dan. ‚ÄúI‚Äôll help ye.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúNo, you won‚Äôt,‚Äù Harvey snapped, as he hung on to the line. ‚ÄúIt‚Äôs my first fish. Is√¢¬Ä¬îis it a whale?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúHalibut, mebbe.‚Äù Dan peered down into the water alongside, and flourished the big ‚Äúmuckle,‚Äù ready for all chances. Something white and oval flickered and fluttered through the green. ‚ÄúI‚Äôll lay my wage an‚Äô share he‚Äôs over a hundred. Are you so everlastin‚Äô anxious to land him alone?‚Äù</p>
			<p>Harvey‚Äôs knuckles were raw and bleeding where they had been banged against the gunwale; his face was purple-blue between excitement and exertion; he dripped with sweat, and was half-blinded from staring at the circling sunlit ripples about the swiftly moving line. The boys were tired long ere the halibut, who took charge of them and the dory for the next twenty minutes. But the big flat fish was gaffed and hauled in at last.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúBeginner‚Äôs luck,‚Äù said Dan, wiping his forehead. ‚ÄúHe‚Äôs all of a hundred.‚Äù</p>
			<p>Harvey looked at the huge gray-and-mottled creature with unspeakable pride. He had seen halibut many times on marble slabs ashore, but it had never occurred to him to ask how they came inland. Now he knew; and every inch of his body ached with fatigue.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúEf Dad was along,‚Äù said Dan, hauling up, ‚Äúhe‚Äôd read the signs plain‚Äôs print. The fish are runnin‚Äô smaller an‚Äô smaller, an‚Äô you‚Äôve took ‚Äòbaout as logy a halibut‚Äôs we‚Äôre apt to find this trip. Yesterday‚Äôs catch√¢¬Ä¬îdid ye notice it?√¢¬Ä¬îwas all big fish an‚Äô no halibut. Dad he‚Äôd read them signs right off. Dad says everythin‚Äô on the Banks is signs, an‚Äô can be read wrong er right. Dad‚Äôs deeper‚Äôn the Whale-hole.‚Äù</p>
			<p>Even as he spoke some one fired a pistol on the <i>We‚Äôre Here</i>, and a potato-basket was run up in the fore-rigging.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWhat did I say, naow? That‚Äôs the call fer the whole crowd. Dad‚Äôs onter something, er he‚Äôd never break fishin‚Äô this time o‚Äô day. Reel up, Harve, an‚Äô we‚Äôll pull back.‚Äù</p>
			<p>They were to windward of the schooner, just ready to flirt the dory over the still sea, when sounds of woe half a mile off led them to Penn, who was careering around a fixed point for all the world like a gigantic water-bug. The little man backed away and came down again with enormous energy, but at the end of each maneuver his dory swung round and snubbed herself on her rope.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWe‚Äôll hev to help him, else he‚Äôll root an‚Äô seed here,‚Äù said Dan.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWhat‚Äôs the matter?‚Äù said Harvey. This was a new world, where he could not lay down the law to his elders, but had to ask questions humbly. And the sea was horribly big and unexcited.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúAnchor‚Äôs fouled. Penn‚Äôs always losing ‚Äôem. Lost two this trip a‚Äôready√¢¬Ä¬îon sandy bottom too√¢¬Ä¬îan‚Äô Dad says next one he loses, sure‚Äôs fishin‚Äô, he‚Äôll give him the kelleg. That ‚Äòu‚Äôd break Penn‚Äôs heart.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWhat‚Äôs a ‚Äòkelleg‚Äô?‚Äù said Harvey, who had a vague idea it might be some kind of marine torture, like keel-hauling in the storybooks.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúBig stone instid of an anchor. You kin see a kelleg ridin‚Äô in the bows fur‚Äôs you can see a dory, an‚Äô all the fleet knows what it means. They‚Äôd guy him dreadful. Penn couldn‚Äôt stand that no more‚Äôn a dog with a dipper to his tail. He‚Äôs so everlastin‚Äô sensitive. Hello, Penn! Stuck again? Don‚Äôt try any more o‚Äô your patents. Come up on her, and keep your rodin‚Äô straight up an‚Äô down.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúIt doesn‚Äôt move,‚Äù said the little man, panting. ‚ÄúIt doesn‚Äôt move at all, and instead I tried everything.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWhat‚Äôs all this hurrah‚Äôs-nest for‚Äôard?‚Äù said Dan, pointing to a wild tangle of spare oars and dory-roding, all matted together by the hand of inexperience.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúOh, that,‚Äù said Penn proudly, ‚Äúis a Spanish windlass. Mr.¬ÝSalters showed me how to make it; but even that doesn‚Äôt move her.‚Äù</p>
			<p>Dan bent low over the gunwale to hide a smile, twitched once or twice on the roding, and, behold, the anchor drew at once.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúHaul up, Penn,‚Äù he said laughing, ‚Äúer she‚Äôll git stuck again.‚Äù</p>
			<p>They left him regarding the weed-hung flukes of the little anchor with big, pathetic blue eyes, and thanking them profusely.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúOh, say, while I think of it, Harve,‚Äù said Dan when they were out of ear-shot, ‚ÄúPenn ain‚Äôt quite all caulked. He ain‚Äôt nowise dangerous, but his mind‚Äôs give out. See?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúIs that so, or is it one of your father‚Äôs judgments?‚Äù</p>
			<p>Harvey asked as he bent to his oars. He felt he was learning to handle them more easily.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúDad ain‚Äôt mistook this time. Penn‚Äôs a sure ‚Äònuff loony.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúNo, he ain‚Äôt thet exactly, so much ez a harmless ijut. It was this way (you‚Äôre rowin‚Äô quite so, Harve), an‚Äô I tell you ‚Äòcause it‚Äôs right you orter know. He was a Moravian preacher once. Jacob Boiler wuz his name, Dad told me, an‚Äô he lived with his wife an‚Äô four children somewheres out Pennsylvania way. Well, Penn he took his folks along to a Moravian meetin‚Äô√¢¬Ä¬îcamp-meetin‚Äô most like√¢¬Ä¬îan‚Äô they stayed over jest one night in Johns-town. You‚Äôve heered talk o‚Äô Johnstown?‚Äù</p>
			<p>Harvey considered. ‚ÄúYes, I have. But I don‚Äôt know why. It sticks in my head same as Ashtabula.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúBoth was big accidents√¢¬Ä¬îthet‚Äôs why, Harve. Well, that one single night Penn and his folks was to the hotel Johnstown was wiped out. ‚ÄòDam bust an‚Äô flooded her, an‚Äô the houses struck adrift an‚Äô bumped into each other an‚Äô sunk. I‚Äôve seen the pictures, an‚Äô they‚Äôre dretful. Penn he saw his folk drowned all‚Äôn a heap ‚Äòfore he rightly knew what was comin‚Äô. His mind give out from that on. He mistrusted somethin‚Äô hed happened up to Johnstown, but for the poor life of him he couldn‚Äôt remember what, an‚Äô he jest drifted araound smilin‚Äô an‚Äô wonderin‚Äô. He didn‚Äôt know what he was, nor yit what he hed bin, an‚Äô thet way he run agin Uncle Salters, who was visitin‚Äô ‚Äòn Allegheny City. Ha‚Äôaf my mother‚Äôs folks they live scattered inside o‚Äô Pennsylvania, an‚Äô Uncle Salters he visits araound winters. Uncle Salters he kinder adopted Penn, well knowin‚Äô what his trouble wuz; an‚Äô he brought him East, an‚Äô he give him work on his farm.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWhy, I heard him calling Penn a farmer last night when the boats bumped. Is your Uncle Salters a farmer?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúFarmer!‚Äù shouted Dan. ‚ÄúThere ain‚Äôt water enough ‚Äôtween here an‚Äô Hatt‚Äôrus to wash the furrer-mold off‚Äôn his boots. He‚Äôs jest everlastin‚Äô farmer. Why, Harve, I‚Äôve seen thet man hitch up a bucket, long towards sundown, an‚Äô set twiddlin‚Äô the spigot to the scuttle-butt same‚Äôs ef ‚Äôtwas a cow‚Äôs bag. He‚Äôs thet much farmer. Well, Penn an‚Äô he they ran the farm√¢¬Ä¬îup Exeter way ‚Äòtwur. Uncle Salters he sold it this spring to a jay from Boston as wanted to build a summer-haouse, an‚Äô he got a heap for it. Well, them two loonies scratched along till, one day, Penn‚Äôs church√¢¬Ä¬îhe‚Äôd belonged to the Moravians√¢¬Ä¬îfound out where he wuz drifted an‚Äô layin‚Äô, an‚Äô wrote to Uncle Salters. ‚ÄòNever heerd what they said exactly; but Uncle Salters was mad. He‚Äôs a ‚Äòpiscopolian mostly√¢¬Ä¬îbut he jest let ‚Äôem hev it both sides o‚Äô the bow, ‚Äòs if he was a Baptist; an‚Äô sez he warn‚Äôt goin‚Äô to give up Penn to any blame Moravian connection in Pennsylvania or anywheres else. Then he come to Dad, towin‚Äô Penn,√¢¬Ä¬îthet was two trips back,√¢¬Ä¬îan‚Äô sez he an‚Äô Penn must fish a trip fer their health. ‚ÄòGuess he thought the Moravians wouldn‚Äôt hunt the Banks fer Jacob Boiler. Dad was agreeable, fer Uncle Salters he‚Äôd been fishin‚Äô off an‚Äô on fer thirty years, when he warn‚Äôt inventin‚Äô patent manures, an‚Äô he took quarter-share in the <i>We‚Äôre Here</i>; an‚Äô the trip done Penn so much good, Dad made a habit o‚Äô takin‚Äô him. Some day, Dad sez, he‚Äôll remember his wife an‚Äô kids an‚Äô Johnstown, an‚Äô then, like as not, he‚Äôll die, Dad sez. Don‚Äôt ye talk abaout Johnstown ner such things to Penn, ‚Äòr Uncle Salters he‚Äôll heave ye overboard.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúPoor Penn!‚Äù murmured Harvey. ‚ÄúI shouldn‚Äôt ever have thought Uncle Salters cared for him by the look of ‚Äôem together.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI like Penn, though; we all do,‚Äù said Dan. ‚ÄúWe ought to ha‚Äô give him a tow, but I wanted to tell ye first.‚Äù</p>
			<p>They were close to the schooner now, the other boats a little behind them.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúYou needn‚Äôt heave in the dories till after dinner,‚Äù said Troop from the deck. ‚ÄúWe‚Äôll dress daown right off. Fix table, boys!‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúDeeper‚Äôn the Whale-deep,‚Äù said Dan, with a wink, as he set the gear for dressing down. ‚ÄúLook at them boats that hev edged up sence mornin‚Äô. They‚Äôre all waitin‚Äô on Dad. See ‚Äôem, Harve?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúThey are all alike to me.‚Äù And indeed to a landsman, the nodding schooners around seemed run from the same mold.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúThey ain‚Äôt, though. That yaller, dirty packet with her bowsprit steeved that way, she‚Äôs the Hope of Prague. Nick Brady‚Äôs her skipper, the meanest man on the Banks. We‚Äôll tell him so when we strike the Main Ledge. ‚ÄòWay off yonder‚Äôs the Day‚Äôs Eye. The two Jeraulds own her. She‚Äôs from Harwich; fastish, too, an‚Äô hez good luck; but Dad he‚Äôd find fish in a graveyard. Them other three, side along, they‚Äôre the Margie Smith, Rose, and Edith S. Walen, all from home. ‚ÄòGuess we‚Äôll see the Abbie M. Deering to-morrer, Dad, won‚Äôt we? They‚Äôre all slippin‚Äô over from the shaol o‚Äô ‚ÄòOueereau.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúYou won‚Äôt see many boats to-morrow, Danny.‚Äù When Troop called his son Danny, it was a sign that the old man was pleased. ‚ÄúBoys, we‚Äôre too crowded,‚Äù he went on, addressing the crew as they clambered inboard. ‚ÄúWe‚Äôll leave ‚Äôem to bait big an‚Äô catch small.‚Äù He looked at the catch in the pen, and it was curious to see how little and level the fish ran. Save for Harvey‚Äôs halibut, there was nothing over fifteen pounds on deck.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI‚Äôm waitin‚Äô on the weather,‚Äù he added.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúYe‚Äôll have to make it yourself, Disko, for there‚Äôs no sign I can see,‚Äù said Long Jack, sweeping the clear horizon.</p>
			<p>And yet, half an hour later, as they were dressing down, the Bank fog dropped on them, ‚Äúbetween fish and fish,‚Äù as they say. It drove steadily and in wreaths, curling and smoking along the colourless water. The men stopped dressing-down without a word. Long Jack and Uncle Salters slipped the windlass brakes into their sockets, and began to heave up the anchor; the windlass jarring as the wet hempen cable strained on the barrel. Manuel and Tom Platt gave a hand at the last. The anchor came up with a sob, and the riding-sail bellied as Troop steadied her at the wheel. ‚ÄúUp jib and foresail,‚Äù said he.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúSlip ‚Äôem in the smother,‚Äù shouted Long Jack, making fast the jib-sheet, while the others raised the clacking, rattling rings of the foresail; and the foreboom creaked as the <i>We‚Äôre Here</i> looked up into the wind and dived off into blank, whirling white.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúThere‚Äôs wind behind this fog,‚Äù said Troop.</p>
			<p>It was wonderful beyond words to Harvey; and the most wonderful part was that he heard no orders except an occasional grunt from Troop, ending with, ‚ÄúThat‚Äôs good, my son!‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúNever seen anchor weighed before?‚Äù said Tom Platt, to Harvey gaping at the damp canvas of the foresail.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúNo. Where are we going?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúFish and make berth, as you‚Äôll find out ‚Äòfore you‚Äôve been a week aboard. It‚Äôs all new to you, but we never know what may come to us. Now, take me√¢¬Ä¬îTom Platt√¢¬Ä¬îI‚Äôd never ha‚Äô thought√¢¬Ä¬î‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúIt‚Äôs better than fourteen dollars a month an‚Äô a bullet in your belly,‚Äù said Troop, from the wheel. ‚ÄúEase your jumbo a grind.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúDollars an‚Äô cents better,‚Äù returned the man-o‚Äô-war‚Äôs man, doing something to a big jib with a wooden spar tied to it. ‚ÄúBut we didn‚Äôt think o‚Äô that when we manned the windlass-brakes on the Miss Jim Buck, I outside Beau-fort Harbor, with Fort Macon heavin‚Äô hot shot at our stern, an‚Äô a livin‚Äô gale atop of all. Where was you then, Disko?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúJest here, or hereabouts,‚Äù Disko replied, ‚Äúearnin‚Äô my bread on the deep waters, an‚Äô dodgin‚Äô Reb privateers. Sorry I can‚Äôt accommodate you with red-hot shot, Tom Platt; but I guess we‚Äôll come aout all right on wind ‚Äòfore we see Eastern Point.‚Äù</p>
			<p>There was an incessant slapping and chatter at the bows now, varied by a solid thud and a little spout of spray that clattered down on the foc‚Äôsle. The rigging dripped clammy drops, and the men lounged along the lee of the house√¢¬Ä¬îall save Uncle Salters, who sat stiffly on the main-hatch nursing his stung hands.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúGuess she‚Äôd carry stays‚Äôl,‚Äù said Disko, rolling one eye at his brother.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúGuess she wouldn‚Äôt to any sorter profit. What‚Äôs the sense o‚Äô wastin‚Äô canvas?‚Äù the farmer-sailor replied.</p>
			<p>The wheel twitched almost imperceptibly in Disko‚Äôs hands. A few seconds later a hissing wave-top slashed diagonally across the boat, smote Uncle Salters between the shoulders, and drenched him from head to foot. He rose sputtering, and went forward only to catch another.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúSee Dad chase him all around the deck,‚Äù said Dan. ‚ÄúUncle Salters he thinks his quarter share‚Äôs our canvas. Dad‚Äôs put this duckin‚Äô act up on him two trips runnin‚Äô. Hi! That found him where he feeds.‚Äù Uncle Salters had taken refuge by the foremast, but a wave slapped him over the knees. Disko‚Äôs face was as blank as the circle of the wheel.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúGuess she‚Äôd lie easier under stays‚Äôl, Salters,‚Äù said Disko, as though he had seen nothing.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúSet your old kite, then,‚Äù roared the victim through a cloud of spray; ‚Äúonly don‚Äôt lay it to me if anything happens. Penn, you go below right off an‚Äô git your coffee. You ought to hev more sense than to bum araound on deck this weather.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúNow they‚Äôll swill coffee an‚Äô play checkers till the cows come home,‚Äù said Dan, as Uncle Salters hustled Penn into the fore-cabin. ‚Äú‚Ää‚ÄòLooks to me like‚Äôs if we‚Äôd all be doin‚Äô so fer a spell. There‚Äôs nothin‚Äô in creation deader-limpsey-idler‚Äôn a Banker when she ain‚Äôt on fish.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI‚Äôm glad ye spoke, Danny,‚Äù cried Long Jack, who had been casting round in search of amusement. ‚ÄúI‚Äôd clean forgot we‚Äôd a passenger under that T-wharf hat. There‚Äôs no idleness for thim that don‚Äôt know their ropes. Pass him along, Tom Platt, an‚Äô we‚Äôll larn him.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚Äú‚Ää‚ÄôTain‚Äôt my trick this time,‚Äù grinned Dan. ‚ÄúYou‚Äôve got to go it alone. Dad learned me with a rope‚Äôs end.‚Äù</p>
			<p>For an hour Long Jack walked his prey up and down, teaching, as he said, ‚Äúthings at the sea that ivry man must know, blind, dhrunk, or asleep.‚Äù There is not much gear to a seventy-ton schooner with a stump-foremast, but Long Jack had a gift of expression. When he wished to draw Harvey‚Äôs attention to the peak-halyards, he dug his knuckles into the back of the boy‚Äôs neck and kept him at gaze for half a minute. He emphasized the difference between fore and aft generally by rubbing Harvey‚Äôs nose along a few feet of the boom, and the lead of each rope was fixed in Harvey‚Äôs mind by the end of the rope itself.</p>
			<p>The lesson would have been easier had the deck been at all free; but there appeared to be a place on it for everything and anything except a man. Forward lay the windlass and its tackle, with the chain and hemp cables, all very unpleasant to trip over; the foc‚Äôsle stovepipe, and the gurry-butts by the foc‚Äôsle hatch to hold the fish-livers. Aft of these the foreboom and booby of the main-hatch took all the space that was not needed for the pumps and dressing-pens. Then came the nests of dories lashed to ring-bolts by the quarter-deck; the house, with tubs and oddments lashed all around it; and, last, the sixty-foot main-boom in its crutch, splitting things length-wise, to duck and dodge under every time.</p>
			<p>Tom Platt, of course, could not keep his oar out of the business, but ranged alongside with enormous and unnecessary descriptions of sails and spars on the old Ohio.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúNiver mind fwhat he says; attind to me, Innocince. Tom Platt, this bally-hoo‚Äôs not the Ohio, an‚Äô you‚Äôre mixing the bhoy bad.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúHe‚Äôll be ruined for life, beginnin‚Äô on a fore-an‚Äô-after this way,‚Äù Tom Platt pleaded. ‚ÄúGive him a chance to know a few leadin‚Äô principles. Sailin‚Äôs an art, Harvey, as I‚Äôd show you if I had ye in the fore-top o‚Äô the√¢¬Ä¬î‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI know ut. Ye‚Äôd talk him dead an‚Äô cowld. Silince, Tom Platt! Now, after all I‚Äôve said, how‚Äôd you reef the foresail, Harve? Take your time answerin‚Äô.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúHaul that in,‚Äù said Harvey, pointing to leeward.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúFwhat? The North Atlantuc?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúNo, the boom. Then run that rope you showed me back there√¢¬Ä¬î‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúThat‚Äôs no way,‚Äù Tom Platt burst in.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúQuiet! He‚Äôs larnin‚Äô, an‚Äô has not the names good yet. Go on, Harve.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúOh, it‚Äôs the reef-pennant. I‚Äôd hook the tackle on to the reef-pennant, and then let down√¢¬Ä¬î‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúLower the sail, child! Lower!‚Äù said Tom Platt, in a professional agony.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúLower the throat and peak halyards,‚Äù Harvey went on. Those names stuck in his head.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúLay your hand on thim,‚Äù said Long Jack.</p>
			<p>Harvey obeyed. ‚ÄúLower till that rope-loop√¢¬Ä¬îon the after-leach-kris√¢¬Ä¬îno, it‚Äôs cringle√¢¬Ä¬îtill the cringle was down on the boom. Then I‚Äôd tie her up the way you said, and then I‚Äôd hoist up the peak and throat halyards again.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúYou‚Äôve forgot to pass the tack-earing, but wid time and help ye‚Äôll larn. There‚Äôs good and just reason for ivry rope aboard, or else ‚Äôtwould be overboard. D‚Äôye follow me? ‚ÄôTis dollars an‚Äô cents I‚Äôm puttin‚Äô into your pocket, ye skinny little supercargo, so that fwhin ye‚Äôve filled out ye can ship from Boston to Cuba an‚Äô tell thim Long Jack larned you. Now I‚Äôll chase ye around a piece, callin‚Äô the ropes, an‚Äô you‚Äôll lay your hand on thim as I call.‚Äù</p>
			<p>He began, and Harvey, who was feeling rather tired, walked slowly to the rope named. A rope‚Äôs end licked round his ribs, and nearly knocked the breath out of him.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWhen you own a boat,‚Äù said Tom Platt, with severe eyes, ‚Äúyou can walk. Till then, take all orders at the run. Once more√¢¬Ä¬îto make sure!‚Äù</p>
			<p>Harvey was in a glow with the exercise, and this last cut warmed him thoroughly. Now he was a singularly smart boy, the son of a very clever man and a very sensitive woman, with a fine resolute temper that systematic spoiling had nearly turned to mulish obstinacy. He looked at the other men, and saw that even Dan did not smile. It was evidently all in the day‚Äôs work, though it hurt abominably; so he swallowed the hint with a gulp and a gasp and a grin. The same smartness that led him to take such advantage of his mother made him very sure that no one on the boat, except, maybe, Penn, would stand the least nonsense. One learns a great deal from a mere tone. Long Jack called over half a dozen ropes, and Harvey danced over the deck like an eel at ebb-tide, one eye on Tom Platt.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúVer‚Äô good. Ver‚Äô good don,‚Äù said Manuel. ‚ÄúAfter supper I show you a little schooner I make, with all her ropes. So we shall learn.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúFust-class fer√¢¬Ä¬îa passenger,‚Äù said Dan. ‚ÄúDad he‚Äôs jest allowed you‚Äôll be wuth your salt maybe ‚Äòfore you‚Äôre draownded. Thet‚Äôs a heap fer Dad. I‚Äôll learn you more our next watch together.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúTaller!‚Äù grunted Disko, peering through the fog as it smoked over the bows. There was nothing to be seen ten feet beyond the surging jib-boom, while alongside rolled the endless procession of solemn, pale waves whispering and lipping one to the other.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúNow I‚Äôll learn you something Long Jack can‚Äôt,‚Äù shouted Tom Platt, as from a locker by the stern he produced a battered deep-sea lead hollowed at one end, smeared the hollow from a saucer full of mutton tallow, and went forward. ‚ÄúI‚Äôll learn you how to fly the Blue Pigeon. Shooo!‚Äù</p>
			<p>Disko did something to the wheel that checked the schooner‚Äôs way, while Manuel, with Harvey to help (and a proud boy was Harvey), let down the jib in a lump on the boom. The lead sung a deep droning song as Tom Platt whirled it round and round.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúGo ahead, man,‚Äù said Long Jack, impatiently. ‚ÄúWe‚Äôre not drawin‚Äô twenty-five fut off Fire Island in a fog. There‚Äôs no trick to ut.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúDon‚Äôt be jealous, Galway.‚Äù The released lead plopped into the sea far ahead as the schooner surged slowly forward.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúSoundin‚Äô is a trick, though,‚Äù said Dan, ‚Äúwhen your dipsey lead‚Äôs all the eye you‚Äôre like to hev for a week. What d‚Äôyou make it, Dad?‚Äù</p>
			<p>Disko‚Äôs face relaxed. His skill and honour were involved in the march he had stolen on the rest of the Fleet, and he had his reputation as a master artist who knew the Banks blindfold. ‚ÄúSixty, mebbe√¢¬Ä¬îef I‚Äôm any judge,‚Äù he replied, with a glance at the tiny compass in the window of the house.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúSixty,‚Äù sung out Tom Platt, hauling in great wet coils.</p>
			<p>The schooner gathered way once more. ‚ÄúHeave!‚Äù said Disko, after a quarter of an hour.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWhat d‚Äôyou make it?‚Äù Dan whispered, and he looked at Harvey proudly. But Harvey was too proud of his own performances to be impressed just then.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúFifty,‚Äù said the father. ‚ÄúI mistrust we‚Äôre right over the nick o‚Äô Green Bank on old Sixty-Fifty.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúFifty!‚Äù roared Tom Platt. They could scarcely see him through the fog. ‚ÄúShe‚Äôs bust within a yard√¢¬Ä¬îlike the shells at Fort Macon.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúBait up, Harve,‚Äù said Dan, diving for a line on the reel.</p>
			<p>The schooner seemed to be straying promiscuously through the smother, her headsail banging wildly. The men waited and looked at the boys who began fishing.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúHeugh!‚Äù Dan‚Äôs lines twitched on the scored and scarred rail. ‚ÄúNow haow in thunder did Dad know? Help us here, Harve. It‚Äôs a big un. Poke-hooked, too.‚Äù They hauled together, and landed a goggle-eyed twenty-pound cod. He had taken the bait right into his stomach.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWhy, he‚Äôs all covered with little crabs,‚Äù cried Harvey, turning him over.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúBy the great hook-block, they‚Äôre lousy already,‚Äù said Long Jack. ‚ÄúDisko, ye kape your spare eyes under the keel.‚Äù</p>
			<p>Splash went the anchor, and they all heaved over the lines, each man taking his own place at the bulwarks.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúAre they good to eat?‚Äù Harvey panted, as he lugged in another crab-covered cod.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúSure. When they‚Äôre lousy it‚Äôs a sign they‚Äôve all been herdin‚Äô together by the thousand, and when they take the bait that way they‚Äôre hungry. Never mind how the bait sets. They‚Äôll bite on the bare hook.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúSay, this is great!‚Äù Harvey cried, as the fish came in gasping and splashing√¢¬Ä¬înearly all poke-hooked, as Dan had said. ‚ÄúWhy can‚Äôt we always fish from the boat instead of from the dories?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúAllus can, till we begin to dress daown. Efter thet, the heads and offals ‚Äòu‚Äôd scare the fish to Fundy. Boatfishin‚Äô ain‚Äôt reckoned progressive, though, unless ye know as much as dad knows. Guess we‚Äôll run aout aour trawl to-night. Harder on the back, this, than frum the dory, ain‚Äôt it?‚Äù</p>
			<p>It was rather back-breaking work, for in a dory the weight of a cod is water-borne till the last minute, and you are, so to speak, abreast of him; but the few feet of a schooner‚Äôs freeboard make so much extra dead-hauling, and stooping over the bulwarks cramps the stomach. But it was wild and furious sport so long as it lasted; and a big pile lay aboard when the fish ceased biting.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWhere‚Äôs Penn and Uncle Salters?‚Äù Harvey asked, slapping the slime off his oilskins, and reeling up the line in careful imitation of the others.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúGit ‚Äòs coffee and see.‚Äù</p>
			<p>Under the yellow glare of the lamp on the pawl-post, the foc‚Äôsle table down and opened, utterly unconscious of fish or weather, sat the two men, a checker-board between them, Uncle Salters snarling at Penn‚Äôs every move.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWhat‚Äôs the matter naow?‚Äù said the former, as Harvey, one hand in the leather loop at the head of the ladder, hung shouting to the cook.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúBig fish and lousy√¢¬Ä¬îheaps and heaps,‚Äù Harvey replied, quoting Long Jack. ‚ÄúHow‚Äôs the game?‚Äù</p>
			<p>Little Penn‚Äôs jaw dropped. ‚Äú‚Ää‚ÄòTweren‚Äôt none o‚Äô his fault,‚Äù snapped Uncle Salters. ‚ÄúPenn‚Äôs deef.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúCheckers, weren‚Äôt it?‚Äù said Dan, as Harvey staggered aft with the steaming coffee in a tin pail. ‚ÄúThat lets us out o‚Äô cleanin‚Äô up to-night. Dad‚Äôs a jest man. They‚Äôll have to do it.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúAn‚Äô two young fellers I know‚Äôll bait up a tub or so o‚Äô trawl, while they‚Äôre cleanin‚Äô,‚Äù said Disko, lashing the wheel to his taste.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúUm! Guess I‚Äôd ruther clean up, Dad.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúDon‚Äôt doubt it. Ye wun‚Äôt, though. Dress daown! Dress daown! Penn‚Äôll pitch while you two bait up.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWhy in thunder didn‚Äôt them blame boys tell us you‚Äôd struck on?‚Äù said Uncle Salters, shuffling to his place at the table. ‚ÄúThis knife‚Äôs gum-blunt, Dan.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúEf stickin‚Äô out cable don‚Äôt wake ye, guess you‚Äôd better hire a boy o‚Äô your own,‚Äù said Dan, muddling about in the dusk over the tubs full of trawl-line lashed to windward of the house. ‚ÄúOh, Harve, don‚Äôt ye want to slip down an‚Äô git ‚Äòs bait?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúBait ez we are,‚Äù said Disko. ‚ÄúI mistrust shag-fishin‚Äô will pay better, ez things go.‚Äù</p>
			<p>That meant the boys would bait with selected offal of the cod as the fish were cleaned√¢¬Ä¬îan improvement on paddling bare-handed in the little bait-barrels below. The tubs were full of neatly coiled line carrying a big hook each few feet; and the testing and baiting of every single hook, with the stowage of the baited line so that it should run clear when shot from the dory, was a scientific business. Dan managed it in the dark, without looking, while Harvey caught his fingers on the barbs and bewailed his fate. But the hooks flew through Dan‚Äôs fingers like tatting on an old maid‚Äôs lap. ‚ÄúI helped bait up trawl ashore ‚Äòfore I could well walk,‚Äù he said. ‚ÄúBut it‚Äôs a putterin‚Äô job all the same. Oh, Dad!‚Äù This shouted towards the hatch, where Disko and Tom Platt were salting. ‚ÄúHow many skates you reckon we‚Äôll need?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚Äú‚Ää‚ÄòBaout three. Hurry!‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúThere‚Äôs three hundred fathom to each tub,‚Äù Dan explained; ‚Äúmore‚Äôn enough to lay out to-night. Ouch! ‚ÄòSlipped up there, I did.‚Äù He stuck his finger in his mouth. ‚ÄúI tell you, Harve, there ain‚Äôt money in Gloucester ‚Äòu‚Äôd hire me to ship on a reg‚Äôlar trawler. It may be progressive, but, barrin‚Äô that, it‚Äôs the putterin‚Äôest, slimjammest business top of earth.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI don‚Äôt know what this is, if ‚Äôtisn‚Äôt regular trawling,‚Äù said Harvey sulkily. ‚ÄúMy fingers are all cut to frazzles.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúPshaw! This is just one o‚Äô Dad‚Äôs blame experiments. He don‚Äôt trawl ‚Äòless there‚Äôs mighty good reason fer it. Dad knows. Thet‚Äôs why he‚Äôs baitin‚Äô ez he is. We‚Äôll hev her saggin‚Äô full when we take her up er we won‚Äôt see a fin.‚Äù</p>
			<p>Penn and Uncle Salters cleaned up as Disko had ordained, but the boys profited little. No sooner were the tubs furnished than Tom Platt and Long Jack, who had been exploring the inside of a dory with a lantern, snatched them away, loaded up the tubs and some small, painted trawl-buoys, and hove the boat overboard into what Harvey regarded as an exceedingly rough sea. ‚ÄúThey‚Äôll be drowned. Why, the dory‚Äôs loaded like a freight-car,‚Äù he cried.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWe‚Äôll be back,‚Äù said Long Jack, ‚Äúan‚Äô in case you‚Äôll not be lookin‚Äô for us, we‚Äôll lay into you both if the trawl‚Äôs snarled.‚Äù</p>
			<p>The dory surged up on the crest of a wave, and just when it seemed impossible that she could avoid smashing against the schooner‚Äôs side, slid over the ridge, and was swallowed up in the damp dusk.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúTake ahold here, an‚Äô keep ringin‚Äô steady,‚Äù said Dan, passing Harvey the lanyard of a bell that hung just behind the windlass.</p>
			<p>Harvey rang lustily, for he felt two lives depended on him. But Disko in the cabin, scrawling in the log-book, did not look like a murderer, and when he went to supper he even smiled dryly at the anxious Harvey.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúThis ain‚Äôt no weather,‚Äù said Dan. ‚ÄúWhy, you an‚Äô me could set thet trawl! They‚Äôve only gone out jest far ‚Äònough so‚Äôs not to foul our cable. They don‚Äôt need no bell reelly.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúClang! clang! clang!‚Äù Harvey kept it up, varied with occasional rub-a-dubs, for another half-hour. There was a bellow and a bump alongside. Manuel and Dan raced to the hooks of the dory-tackle; Long Jack and Tom Platt arrived on deck together, it seemed, one half the North Atlantic at their backs, and the dory followed them in the air, landing with a clatter.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúNary snarl,‚Äù said Tom Platt as he dripped. ‚ÄúDanny, you‚Äôll do yet.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúThe pleasure av your comp‚Äôny to the banquit,‚Äù said Long Jack, squelching the water from his boots as he capered like an elephant and stuck an oil-skinned arm into Harvey‚Äôs face. ‚ÄúWe do be condescending to honour the second half wid our presence.‚Äù And off they all four rolled to supper, where Harvey stuffed himself to the brim on fish-chowder and fried pies, and fell fast asleep just as Manuel produced from a locker a lovely two-foot model of the Lucy Holmes, his first boat, and was going to show Harvey the ropes. Harvey never even twiddled his fingers as Penn pushed him into his bunk.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúIt must be a sad thing√¢¬Ä¬îa very sad thing,‚Äù said Penn, watching the boy‚Äôs face, ‚Äúfor his mother and his father, who think he is dead. To lose a child√¢¬Ä¬îto lose a man-child!‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúGit out o‚Äô this, Penn,‚Äù said Dan. ‚ÄúGo aft and finish your game with Uncle Salters. Tell Dad I‚Äôll stand Harve‚Äôs watch ef he don‚Äôt keer. He‚Äôs played aout.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúVer‚Äô good boy,‚Äù said Manuel, slipping out of his boots and disappearing into the black shadows of the lower bunk. ‚ÄúExpec‚Äô he make good man, Danny. I no see he is any so mad as your parpa he says. Eh, wha-at?‚Äù</p>
			<p>Dan chuckled, but the chuckle ended in a snore.</p>
			<p>It was thick weather outside, with a rising wind, and the elder men stretched their watches. The hour struck clear in the cabin; the nosing bows slapped and scuffed with the seas; the foc‚Äôsle stove-pipe hissed and sputtered as the spray caught it; and the boys slept on, while Disko, Long Jack, Tom Platt, and Uncle Salters, each in turn, stumped aft to look at the wheel, forward to see that the anchor held, or to veer out a little more cable against chafing, with a glance at the dim anchor-light between each round.</p>
			<div class="pg_body_wrapper">
				<br/>
			</div>
			<div class="pg_body_wrapper">
				<br/>
			</div>
			<div class="pg_body_wrapper">
				<br/>
			</div>
			<div class="pg_body_wrapper">
				<a id="chap04"/>
			</div>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
